(soft music & glass shattering)
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
- I'm a very bad girl.
I have naughty thoughts.
I wanna be punished.
I fantasize about being gang raped.
It totally turns me on.
♪ In the city with it ♪
♪ Trying to make some bitch ♪
♪ Couple bad bitches that be
down to shake some. bitch ♪
♪ If it's up then it's taught ♪
♪ We aint taking no shit ♪
♪ Got a Benz on me. catch
your mans on me. I'm lit ♪
- [Paige] You look amazing. mama.
Did you think about what we
talked about the other night?
- Do you really think I can
get acting and modeling work?
- Are you kidding me?
Girl. look in the mirror.
You're sexy as fuck.
Okay. do you remember all of your lines?
I need you to do all of them this time.
- [Hope] Yup.
- Okay. let's do it.
Action.
- I'm a very bad girl.
- What the hell are you doing?
I heard you talking
about getting gang raped.
- You were listening?
What kind of creepy psycho are you?
- Who were you talking to?
I heard a female voice.
- None of your business.
You're not my mom.
- Were you sex talking with a woman?
Are you gay?
What the hell is going on with you. Hope?
- Get away from me. you bitch!
- Vodka?
Look at you.
What kind of a slut are you?
I'm telling your father.
- Get out.
- You're so stupid.
- [Dad] Who were you talking to earlier??
- It was just Paige. dad.
- Who's Paige?
- She used to babysit for us.
- [Stepmom] She was practically
naked and drinking alcohol.
That's not okay.
- She's like a sister to me.
It's nothing.
God. give me a break.
- She was talking about
getting gang raped.
- Why are you doing this to me?
- It's okay. let her go.
Here.
(soft music)
(police sirens ringing)
- Hey. nice to see you man.
- Yes sir.
- That's right. Dougie.
(drums beating)
- Welcome to Hollywood.
would you have a ride?
(drums beating)
- I can't fucking believe this.
Are you seriously firing me?
- Licia.
we can't have girls beating
the crap out of each other.
- That cunt stole my customer
and then told me to suck a dick.
am I supposed to just
let shit like that slide?
(foreign language)
- Fuck.
I'm sorry.
I have a kid.
Please just let me just finish my shift.
I'm behind my rent.
(foreign language)
Please. don't do this to me.
- If we let you work. everyone's
gonna think it's okay.
- Fuck you and fuck you.
Yeah. you can kiss my fucking black ass.
- Sorry. baby girl.
Good luck.
- Hi. Angel.
- [Baby] Mommy!
- It's only $8 mostly though.
I had a bad day.
- No. no. no. no.
That's okay.
(foreign language)
- Come here. mama.
Come here. yes.
(grunts)
(old lady laughs)
(foreign language)
- Oh wow. you're speaking Spanish now?
- [Alicia] Thank you.
- No. mommy.
(foreign language)
(soft. sad music)
(girls giggling)
(sad music)
- Gotta go.
This should last you a
couple of weeks at least.
Hang on to that for now too.
- This will be gone by tonight.
Thought you were gonna get me some more.
- [Daughter] Okay. mom.
(door squeaking)
(door slams)
(man knocking)
- Do you have the rent for last month?
- I will. I just need a couple more days.
- Couple of days. what
is this couple of days?
It's already gone.
Tomorrow or you're out.
(Alicia laughs)
- Oh where. oh where did Angel go?
She just disappeared!
Oh!
- He's scary.
- There are scarier
monsters under the blanket.
Now take off your shoes.
You have your pretzels now.
so you're okay. I guess?
I'm gonna go take a quick shower.
Don't answer the door for no one.
Okay?
(drums beating)
(phone ringing)
- [Paige] Leave me a
message after the tone.
(growls)
Bye.
(phone beeps)
- Hi Paige. it's me.
I'm at the corner in Hollywood
Ridge waiting to meet you.
I guess you're on your way.
Just let me know.
Okay.
Bye.
(drums beating)
- [Destiny] I'm not gonna be like her.
- Like what?
A drunk bitter old bitch?
- A broke old bitch.
- I will never understand
why you continue to help that woman.
- She's my mom. all she has is me.
She's old and she's alone.
And scared.
Getting old sucks.
I feel like I'm invisible.
And then I'm losing all my power.
- [Paige] Are you out of your mind?
You're like the hottest.
sexiest bitch I know.
- Sexiest. huh?
- Yeah (laughs).
Oh my God.
Remember when we first met?
- [Destiny] Is that already
like nine years ago?
- I'd never even been
in a strip club before
and next thing I know. I'm working in one.
- All I remember is you
lighting your nipples on fire
for some dude that wanted
to pay you 100 bucks.
- I burnt the shit out
of my tits that night.
(laughing)
And we both know who
took most of that cash.
- Not us.
- Fuck that.
I did all the work.
I burnt my fucking boobs
and that shitty strip
club took 40% of my cash.
- [Destiny] Yup.
- Don't ever say that
you're losing your power.
You have more power now
than you've ever had before.
You're smarter and sexier
than you've ever been.
- Who's that?
- We're the club now.
♪ Girl. girl. girl. girl ♪
♪ I'm a Eaglewood nigga
so you know I got ♪
♪ Enough for that ♪
♪ Do's for this ♪
♪ Seven ate that ♪
♪ I'm really riding through the six ♪
♪ I'm taking blush to the neck ♪
♪ Wish a nigga come with disrespect ♪
♪ Fuck a Uzzi. I come with the tech ♪
♪ I be grabbing on your main things ♪
♪ Party the same women I came with ♪
♪ Don't speak money. that's my language ♪
♪ Tell your bitch that
she weak and I can't hit ♪
♪ Girl. girl. girl. girl ♪
♪ Way she wanna throw it
back. man you know I'm tryna ♪
♪ Girl. girl. girl. girl ♪
♪ She put her hands on her knees.
do her thing and then she ♪
(laughs)
- You ready to go play with Lufay?
- I wanna play with you.
- I won't be too long.
- Until your friends leave?
- Yes. until my friend leaves.
Come on. let's go.
It might be the entire night.
Is 25 bucks okay?
(foreign language)
- Oh. look at that pretty crown.
you're gonna be my little
princess tonight. hey?
(loud smooches)
(city buzzing)
(car hooting)
(people chattering)
- [Paige] Hey.
So sorry I'm late.
- That's okay.
- I'm so glad you're finally here.
- Me too.
- Ugh. tourists everywhere.
Go. go. go.
(girls laughing)
(car revving)
You look so good.
I'm so glad you decided
to leave that place.
You don't deserve that shit.
- You have no idea.
My dad hooked up with the
world's biggest bitch.
It's like I'm invisible when she's around.
- He's always had some
dumb bitch on his arm.
Time to move on!
(girls giggling)
Do you still have the flask I gave you?
- Hell yeah.
Cheers!
- Welcome to Hollywood. darling!
The glamorous life. baby!
(laughing)
(ominous music)
- Oh. I love you so much.
♪ I'm not trying to
pressure you. no pressure ♪
♪ I just hope that you don't
get the wrong impression. ♪
♪ Cause I can tell them
other girls you hooked with ♪
♪ They don't ♪
- [Paige] Last shot of
vodka was really great.
(laughing)
So this place is just temporary.
We're gonna get a sick
house with a pool soon.
- Look at all this money.
Oh. hey.
- [Paige] Enjoy the show.
(laughs)
♪ Way to your heart ♪
- Hi.
♪ Oh. way to your heart ♪
- I didn't know you got a daughter.
- Come on (laughs).
Okay. party boy.
Let's go. let's get you out of here.
- [Man] Come on.
- They're crazy.
- Who was that?
- Just some friends.
Destiny. this is Hope.
Hope. this is Destiny.
- Hi.
So I hear you wanna get
into some glamor modeling?
- Glamor modeling is just like sexy bikini
and lingerie stuff.
- [Hope] Hm. yeah.
(cheering)
- Get it. mama.
- Whoa.
- [Destiny] Come on. try it.
- I'll hold this.
- [Destiny] Perfect and then the pole.
- [Paige] Look at you go. girl.
With a little practice.
we can work with that.
I'm gonna text a pic to my
photographer friend right away.
He's gonna wanna shoot with you.
- I wanna get my nose pierced like you.
- Oh no.
We wanna keep you as
young-looking as long as possible.
- Yeah. don't do anything to your face.
You're perfect and fresh
and just what all the
modeling agents wants.
You'll see.
(laughs)
This town is filled with
sick perverted fucks.
- I think I'm gonna be sick.
(girls cooing)
- Hello.
- Well. I had no idea how
gorgeous you were gonna be.
You actually reminded
me of my granddaughter.
Wow.
- 200.
- Wait.
Sit in this chair.
I wanna look at you.
(soft music)
You smell so good.
(breathing heavily)
You're so pretty.
(grunting and growling)
(soft music)
(Hope vomiting)
- I am so embarrassed.
Sorry.
- Don't apologize.
You have so much going on right now.
I realize it can be overwhelming.
- Who was that guy
leaving when we showed up?
He gave me a creepy look.
- You know. the acting and modeling world
can be really competitive out here.
Sometimes you have to figure out
different ways to pay the rent.
- You don't do that though. right?
- I've had boyfriends help
me out with bills and stuff.
It's really no big deal.
I mean. I would have
done it for free anyway.
so why not get paid?
(Paige giggles)
Oh. oh. I got you.
(Hope continues vomiting)
(soft music)
- Good morning.
- Angel is still sleeping.
You know. I saw a lot
of different visitors
coming in and out of your
apartment last night.
You need to be careful who you let inside.
- Yeah. I know. I'm always safe.
I would never risk hurting my baby.
Anyways. I'm gonna be out of here soon.
- Oh?
- I've got dreams for my baby.
She is gonna be someone
strong and beautiful
and get an education.
someone who's special.
Someone who helps people.
maybe be a doctor or a nurse.
Someone who matters in the world.
I didn't have a choice.
My baby is gonna have a choice.
- Where's her daddy?
Little girls need their daddies.
(groaning)
- My head.
- That was amateur night. mama.
You need to get your tolerance up.
- No missed calls. no messages.
I guess my dad didn't even notice I left.
- Come with me in my hike.
It'll help clear your mind.
(panting)
Gotta stay healthy and in
shape to compete in LA.
What's wrong?
You're on top of the world.
- Sorry. it's just I feel so alone.
I've been thinking about my mom a lot
and what my life would be
like if she were still here.
Sometimes I think about.
if I knew for sure
I could be with her on the other side.
I would go.
Just so we could be together again.
- I'll take care of you now.
It's you and me against the world.
(laughs)
You're so pretty.
What's wrong?
We've done this before.
You're bi. aren't you?
- I don't really know what I am.
When we were together. a long time ago.
back when you used to babysit me.
that was the first time I'd
ever done anything. sex-wise.
I guess it just confused me.
- There's always been a
special bond between us.
Don't worry.
No. one's gonna judge you
(upbeat music)
(city buzzing)
Hey
- You live here. right?
My mom lives here too.
so I've seen you around.
- Who is your mom?
- The crazy drunk mess.
You can't miss her.
- You have a kid. right?
- Yeah.
- This place sucks.
- It's kind of a dump.
- Not a good place to raise kid.
Have you ever modeled?
- [Paige] You should.
All right. loosen up. nerd.
loosen up a little bit.
That's good.
Okay. pretty.
Pretty.
Okay. give him a sexy face.
Okay. come on. mama. let's wow him.
Show him your titties.
- Just cover them with your hand.
It's hotter that way. anyways.
- I don't mind sexy. but--
- You just really don't
wanna do this. do you?
She doesn't wanna do this.
- I didn't say that. I
just said I wasn't sure.
- All right. look.
Just cover your nipples and
nobody can see anything.
- [Paige] Here. this'll help.
(Hope coughing)
- I thought it was water.
- (laughs) It's vodka. take another sip.
Don't worry.
Every top model has posed topless.
Think it'll be cool.
- [Hope] Yeah. that helps.
- [Paige] Good girl.
- You say you wanna model.
but you have a hard time
showing us your body?
Makes no sense.
- I'm sorry.
I need to pee. I'll do it when I get back.
(city buzzing)
- [Dark-Haired Girl] Hey.
- Hi.
- You know. you don't have to do anything
that you're not comfortable with.
It's just that you remind me
of someone I used to know.
Things didn't end well for her.
This industry isn't for everyone.
- I'm fine.
Thanks. though.
- Are the pictures for their website?
- What website?
- They have a website for
webcaming and escorting.
- Oh. no. I'm just modeling.
You know. glamor modeling.
- Do you have your phone?
- No. it's in my bag.
- I wrote down my number for you.
just in case you ever
need someone to talk to.
You know. I'm out here working too
and sometimes it's just nice
to have someone to talk to.
- [Destiny] (cheers) Look at that ass!
♪ Girl. girl. girl. girl ♪
♪ Both her hands on her knees.
throwing back and then she ♪
- [Destiny] Oh. feisty.
Damn girl.
♪ Oh. that ass fat. I'm trying to log in ♪
♪ She with her baby
daddy. now it's all me ♪
♪ Said she like the way I
swag when I come through ♪
- Sexy.
- Damn. girl.
- Take notes. little girl.
- I'm gonna go take five.
- Things are about to
change for you. mama.
No more of that low-end shit.
You're way too hot for that.
- Yeah?
- Girl. you'll be making so much money.
- And you have got to
move out of that dump.
Everyone in the building
knows all about your little side hustle.
- I gotta feed my kid. you
have no idea what that's like.
I have no one.
- You don't have to
explain yourself to us.
We're just trying to help. that's all.
If you're gonna do it. know your worth.
- Hi. baby.
- Look mommy. I got a mermaid.
- She's so pretty.
Oh my goodness. look at her hair.
(foreign language)
I got you today.
Things are about to change. big time.
- I was married once.
We try for a baby.
but God. he did not give me
the blessing that he gave you.
And then the doctor
said no babies for you.
I was heart broken.
My husband. he left.
He wanted to have children
too. but that was it.
(foreign language)
- I am sorry.
- I can smell the alcohol on you.
Life happens.
It's not easy.
I understand.
But you do need to cherish
that little girl of yours.
- I have no family.
I grew up in foster care
and I am not letting that happen to Angel.
(foreign language)
- Angel. she is your family.
- I just need some time to get on my feet.
- We can all have one.
(Alicia laughs)
- Come here.
(cellphone rings)
- Mommy. your medicine fell out.
- These are perfect.
We're the club.
She is so hot.
We need some nudes.
Blow this shit right up.
- We officially have
two girls in our stable.
(laughs)
Neigh. bitch!
(girls laughing)
Ooh and look at that.
The pervs are already lining
up for our little nerd.
And look what I got.
- Is that hers?
- Mm-hm.
- Get rid of it.
- Done.
(water running)
So this guy's coming over.
he wants to meet you.
He's gonna give you 500
bucks just for a massage.
- I don't know how to give a massage.
- You don't have to. it's $500.
It'll help you pay for
your pictures today.
- Oh. I didn't know I
had to pay for those.
- It's for your portfolio to get work.
of course you have to pay for them.
Wear this. it looks so cute on you.
And take this.
It'll help relax you and you
won't even think about it.
It's just a massage. don't even freak out.
It's not gonna hurt you.
You have to pay your dues
in the modeling world.
Everyone starts where you're starting.
It's not gonna be forever.
- Hi there.
- Hi.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah.
- Is this your first time?
- I love that.
How old are you?
- 18.
- Are you sure?
Don't worry. everything will be all right.
Just relax.
(ominous music)
(water running)
- Mm. yum. yum. yummy.
(Alicia laughing)
(foreign language)
I even know that one. I love pizza.
(Alicia laughs)
- Mommy. can we watch a movie?
- What movie do you wanna watch?
- Something with dogs.
- Something with dogs?
Okay.
- Can we get a puppy too?
- Someday. you and me will get a big house
and a big backyard and
then we'll get a puppy.
how does that sound?
- I can't wait!
(Alica laughs)
(phone vibrating)
Mommy. where are you going?
- [Paige] Hey girl.
- Hey.
- Hey. what's up?
- I got a guy coming for you. 500.
He's coming right now.
- Right now?
- Yeah. him and his chick.
You're cool with that. right?
He'll tip you good.
- At least a grand.
- Seriously?
Yeah. okay.
- Okay. bye.
- Bye.
- Mommy. why are you
drinking your medicine?
- Do you wanna go play with Lupe?
- I thought you said that
we're gonna watch a movie.
(knocking on door)
- Shit.
Shit.
- Please. please do something
very important for mommy.
Yeah?
- Don't open the door for no one?
- Don't open the door for no one.
but you stay in this room
until I say it's okay.
You got it?
You stay in this room
until I say it's okay!
We'll watch that movie
as soon as my friend leaves. okay?
Okay.
- [Client] How does $1.000 sound?
- Yeah.
Thanks.
♪ I bought a D'usse in a bar ♪
♪ I bought a four in a eight ♪
- Come here. sexy thing.
♪ Aye. aye ♪
♪ Aye. aye. aye ♪
♪ Passed out the matches.
I passed out the matches ♪
♪ I did a lot for this ♪
♪ Aye ♪
♪ Oh ♪
♪ What you gon' do ♪
♪ We pull up. we flexing
and we finessing ♪
♪ We don't got no problems.
you read the message ♪
♪ And if you want a problem
then we can get this ♪
♪ You know I got revolvers
and clips extended ♪
♪ If you aint talking money.
I aint got no interest ♪
♪ I tell her we just fucking.
you can save the friendship ♪
♪ I'm riding round in foreigns.
Rari and them Benzes ♪
♪ It's Gucci on my glasses.
bitch check out my lenses ♪
♪ I be fucking balling.
check out how I go ♪
♪ These niggas be flexing.
checking on my clothes ♪
♪ My shit's always new. shit
don't get from the store ♪
♪ I secure the bag when I walk ♪
♪ Turn up on they ass. what they gon' do ♪
♪ You's a broke bitch.
who you talking to ♪
♪ Big whip with the
shits. what you gon' do ♪
♪ I'm a real ass bitch ♪
♪ Go ahead. girl. kill that shit ♪
- You need to check your kid.
♪ Go ahead girl. kill that shit ♪
- Angel!
What are you doing?
Where did you get these?
You need to go home.
- Oh. okay.
- Get here right now.
♪ Hit a big lick. neck and my wrist lit ♪
♪ I don't do no hand
outs. really getting it ♪
♪ I'm a real ass bitch. fly as shit ♪
♪ Type to take her man.
I fire that bitch ♪
♪ Finna run my money and have my shit ♪
- Someday we're gonna get a
house like this. with a pool.
- She is such a cutie pie.
Beautiful.
- Don't be such a pedophile.
- What can I say. baby. it's human nature.
It's human nature.
I'm gonna get some action on that.
- He's gonna have a heart attack.
I swear to God.
- There you go. sweetie.
- Thanks.
- So. how do you like Hollywood?
- I like it.
- You know. it's getting
kind of hot out here.
Wanna join me inside?
I got the AC on.
Oh. don't worry about the money.
Destiny and I go way back.
- Go with him. nerd.
It's time to start paying
your part of the rent.
(laughs)
- Are you coming?
(heart beating loudly)
- I know my phone was in my bag.
I need to call my dad.
I'm sure he's tried to call me by now.
- Here. use mine.
- I can't get a signal.
- Shit. I hate this thing.
- Where's my $500?
- We told you. that's going
towards your pictures.
(scoffs)
I need to tell you
something about your dad.
You know. when I used to
spend the night at your house?
Well. your dad.
he was in the kitchen
and he started touching me
and he made me do things to him.
It happened more than once.
Please don't tell anybody.
people will just think you're crazy.
And if anybody found out. I
would seriously kill myself.
(soft music)
- Hey. girl.
Looking beautiful as always.
- Hey.
I just kinda wanna let you guys know that
you've been really cool. but
this has to be my last shoot.
- Why. what's going on?
- My daughter.
- I mean. will this help?
- I can't believe I'm about to say this.
but it has nothing to do with the money.
I have to straighten myself out
before it's too late for my kid.
- You can't back out now.
Hurry up. we'll see you out there.
(soft music)
(people chattering)
- [Man] Okay. guys.
(men cheering)
(laughing and chattering)
- Oh.
(foreign language)
- Come on. join the party.
- I see you looking.
Go ahead.
- Woo. yeah. come on.
girl. you don't stop here.
Here. you wanna get some more
of this right here. let's go.
(cheering and shouting)
- Beautiful.
You're gonna get really famous.
(laughing)
- Judge. game time.
♪ Woke up in this bitch. we
aint hugging. I'm thugging ♪
♪ Keep a burner on me while
I'm clubbing. I'm thugging ♪
♪ In VIP. we be tripping nigga ♪
♪ I might just drop to your
city. just a stupid nigga ♪
♪ Woke up in this bitch place drugging ♪
- Mm. you're such a star.
They were wrong.
When the fans see you in this film.
the price is gonna skyrocket
and then you're gonna
be married to the game.
- Film?
- My boys are getting in that
gorgeous booty today. darling.
- No. that is no. no. no.
(ominous music)
- Must be nice.
Laying on your back all day.
getting paid to do what I
know you're an expert at.
How old were you when you
sucked your first dick?
I bet you were still wearing bobby socks
to church on Sundays.
Hiding under the bed from
your momma's boyfriend.
Shaking. crying.
Those plump natural lips
all wet from your tears.
Don't worry.
Daddy will take care of you.
- You're not my daddy.
(laughs)
- Baby girl.
If you had a real father.
you wouldn't be here.
You dig?
All right boys. let's get on her.
We got a star in the making.
- Don't worry baby.
I'm not gonna hurt you.
- I might hurt you a little bit.
(suspenseful music)
- World Class Ass. scene one. take one.
- (sniffles) Help me.
Please help me.
(crying)
Please help.
(foreign language)
- No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no.
It's okay. it's okay.
(sobbing loudly)
It's okay. I'm here for you.
It's okay.
I'm here for you.
No. no. no. don't cry. don't cry.
It's okay. it's okay.
You start doing the right thing
and good things will happen. watch.
I'm here for you always.
You and Angel. all the time.
- [Alicia] Thank you.
- Okay?
(soft music)
- Look what I got on
Hollywood Boulevard today.
- Okay. slut dress.
- It's not for me. slut face.
Cheers.
- Cheers.
Look good.
- You should wear this tonight.
This party is gonna be bomb.
Every day you wake up is a blessed day.
Did you know that?
Here.
Take this.
You'll feel amazing.
That was my last pill.
- All right. I'll call my guy.
(soft music)
(phone vibrating)
(phone ringing)
- Oh. look who it is.
- It's never the end.
they always come back.
- Hey mama. we thought you retired.
- Maybe just one more time.
- Oh. it's my guy.
(soft music)
(couple laughing)
- Babe. my pythons are sick.
- Will--
- Hello?
Hello?
(people chattering)
- I know. I know and he
didn't even see. you know.
that's new too for her hockey.
(soft. sorrowful music)
(laughing)
- So. candy man. what have you got for us?
- Be careful. it'll knock you on your ass.
- Ooh. that's what I like to hear.
(laughing)
- [Destiny] Can't take you anywhere.
Oh. my God.
- [Dealer] Meet me in the car. hurry up.
- I found this in the bathroom.
I want you to pierce my nose.
(soft music)
(coughing)
- Why are you drinking you medicine?
Where are you going?
- I'm going to visit a friend.
Don't answer the door for no one.
- No!
- What is wrong with you?
Sit down. stop acting like a little bitch.
(soft music)
(sighs deeply)
Come here.
Give me your hands.
I'm sorry.
This is--
It's almost over.
(soft music)
Soon. we'll move into a
house with a big backyard
and get a puppy.
(soft music)
I won't be gone long.
What do we not do?
- We don't open the door for no one.
- Yes.
My sweet Angel.
(soft music)
- I love you. mommy.
- I love you too.
(girls screaming)
- [Destiny] Get in the car. bitch!
- [Alicia] This is like 1000. right?
- [Paige] This is just a deposit.
Welcome to the club!
Take it down. girl!
(girls laughing and chattering)
(screaming)
- [Destiny] Get it. hookers!
(police sirens ringing)
(soft music)
♪ Just heartbeat ♪
♪ Just heart beat ♪
- [Paige] Ready to go all the way up!
♪ Just heartbeat ♪
- Hey. something doesn't feel right.
I think we should go. trust me.
- Trust you?
I don't even know you.
- I think I've been in the game
a little longer than you have.
- Whatever.
- Come on. nerd.
- Let's go mama. we have a room private.
- I think I'm gonna find the bathroom.
- Okay. hurry up.
We'll give you the rest of your money.
Let's go.
(upbeat music)
- [Paige] Do you want another one?
- My body feels like
it's sinking to a cloud.
(upbeat music)
Thank you for taking me in.
- You know how much I care about you.
I love you.
(girls giggling)
You know how much I care about you.
(slow. dark music)
- But they wand DP. GB.
- Double penetration. gang bang?
- Yeah and PTT too.
- Pulling the train?
- Yeah.
Baby. I want everything.
- I do know everything.
Thank you.
(slow. dark music)
- Mommy!
Mommy!
(dark music)
- [Receiver] 911. what's your emergency?
- Yes.
There is a small kid running
around in my property alone.
(eerie music)
(water running)
(soft music)
- [Cop] Come on. I'm trying to help you.
Listen.
Just stop it. just get in the car.
- [Angel] No!
- [Cop] Come on. come on.
just help me out. all right?
Listen.
It's for your own good. right.
(soft. sad music)
- Mommy!
Mommy!
- [Cop] Ma'am. ma'am. ma'am. calm down.
- [Alicia] Fuck you. get off of me!
- Mommy!
- Ma'am.
Ma'am. calm down.
- Get off of me!
- Listen. I wanna help you.
but you need to calm down.
Do you understand?
(crying loudly)
I'm sorry. she's gonna be okay.
Listen. I need you to call
this number in the morning.
all right?
Take it.
They'll tell you your next steps. okay?
She's gonna be okay. I promise.
(soft. sad music)
(sobbing)
- Please don't.
Please.
(soft music)
I'm so sorry.
- You need to file a police report.
Fuck them. you need to
stand up for yourself.
(knocking)
- Hi.
Are you Alicia Williams?
I'm Karen Lloyd. your new case worker.
- Hi.
Mind if I come in. take a look around?
(water running)
I believe you were told
that your daughter would need her own bed
as part of the conditions in
which you might regain custody.
- Yeah. I'm getting one.
- You'll also need to
show that there's food
in the refrigerator.
And you really should do a
deep cleaning on that kitchen.
Maybe it'll make you feel better
to know that Angel is really thriving
in the home that we've placed her in.
In fact. it says here.
the family has a small dog
and Angel is really
bonding with the animal.
So. what is it that
you are doing for work?
Work. job?
- What the fuck is this?
How much did you clear?
- I don't know what kind of
drugs you were on last night.
but you were fully aware
of what you were doing.
- You're a liar.
I know who you are.
I'm going home.
- Fine.
Go home and get fucked
by your pedophile father
like I did.
- The only person who got
fucked back then was me.
I remember you got me
drunk for the first time
when I was nine years old.
(laughs)
You stuck your fingers inside me.
You're a sick bitch.
I remember the kids in the
neighborhood whispering
that you were a lesbian.
- Who cares?
You're pathetic.
- The entire neighborhood
could hear your drunk father
yelling every fucking night.
Did you forget that you told me
he used to get naked
in the shower with you?
That's not normal.
- Shut the fuck up.
- Why did you start calling me?
Why did you tell me I could
be an actress and a model?
Why did I believe you?
I'm calling the police.
- Go ahead and call the police.
- I'm a very bad girl.
I have naughty thoughts.
I wanna be punished.
I fantasize about being gang raped.
It totally turns me on.
Fuck you.
- Go ahead and tell the police.
I have nothing to hide.
You're the slut who likes to
get fucked by a lot of guys.
That has nothing to do with me.
I gave you a job. I gave
you a place to stay.
No one wants you.
Not even your pedophile
daddy will take your calls.
(Hope screams)
(Paige laughs)
Leave. if you want.
We already got 10 grand
for your ungrateful ass.
By the way. now that you've
been on gang bang porn.
who the fuck is gonna want you?
(soft music)
- Have you heard anything
from those bitches or what?
- Paige messaged me a couple of times.
- [Friend] Oh. God.
- No shit.
- [Friend] You're not gonna
meet up with them. right?
- Never.
- What keeps you from going back home?
- To what?
My dad and his new kid?
No. thanks.
I mean. what keeps you
from going back home?
- This has been my life for so long.
I don't even know what
I'd be going home to.
Are you ready to go to work?
- Yeah.
- It's so much better to get there early.
During shift change. hardly any girls.
so much more money.
- Awesome.
- I'm really glad you called me.
- [Hope] Me too.
(low music)
- [Friend] Let's go show
those bitches who's boss.
- I'm so glad I don't
have to fuck guys anymore.
it was so fucking annoying.
- Oh my God. disgusting.
- [Hope] Horrendous!
(laughing)
(soft music)
- Do you really think I could
be an actress or a model?
- Girl. look in the mirror.
You're sexy as fuck.
(laughing)
(ululating)
- Come. come on. come on.
you try it.
- Okay.
- [Destiny] Yup.
(laughs)
Use the pole.
(soft music)
- Gentlemen. got ATMs over there
available for you right now.
Go slot your card. get
all the cash you need
so you can have some money
for these sexy honeys.
(soft music)
Go ahead and put those
hands together y'all.
that is Baby Girl.
Two for one lap dance specials. gentlemen.
Find a lady. let her take you by the hand.
let her take you back
to the never-never land
because you will never never wanna leave.
Two dances at the price of one. right now.
You buy that first dance. you
get the second dance for free.
Yo. Chelsea.
Time to shake that
booty. make that lootie.
The guys aren't gonna
dance for themselves.
(soft music)
Gather around that
temperal area. gentlemen.
Don't be scared. my ladies
are like body music.
they're good for you.
All right. gentlemen. head to that.
Maze Zaze doing a great two-time.
It's on that Maze Zaze sexy Chelsea.
(soft music)
(upbeat music)